[AUDIO LOGO]
>> It's worse than I thought,
were the words I heard as I
walked back into the doctor's
office after a CT scan
on my lungs.
The viral and
bacterial pneumonia
had spread across both my lungs.
My white blood cell count was
so low, I was neutropenic.
I'm admitting you, were
the next words I heard.
I felt my world
come crashing down.
No opportunity to go and
pick up my kids from school.
No chance to tell
them that mommy
wouldn't be coming home
tonight or tomorrow.
I required immediate admission.
As a bed was being prepared
for me in intensive care,
I was hooked up to
oxygen and a drip,
wondering how had I
got to this place.
The thoughts of suicide had
created a prison in my own mind.
Three bouts of
post-natal depression
had led to a diagnosis of
major depressive disorder.
And I was fighting for my life.
In a tangled web of guilt and
shame, the thoughts of suicide
permeated my every day.
The only way I could sleep was
to wash down anti-psychotics
with wine and warm up
my day with caffeine
and antidepressants.
I wondered how had I reached
this state, a mere shadow
of myself as the successful
corporate lawyer making
partnership at 31, eight months
pregnant with my first child.
Was it the three bouts
of post-natal depression,
the three C-sections
in 4 and 1/2 years,
the relentless grit and
hustle to get the deals done?
The corporate conditioning
had told me, grace under fire,
pull out all the stops, and
that success had served me well.
But it had taken a
toll on my health.
And now I had nowhere to
run, not least from myself.
And it seemed the universe
was offering me a way out.
But as I lay there in
hospital, I suddenly
felt a profound sense of peace,
peace and an OKness being me.
I suddenly felt OK.
I looked at photos
of my children.
And I felt an overwhelming
sense of joy and peace and love.
And as Dr. David Hawkins
map of consciousness
shows us, when we move to
these higher vibrations,
we move from a contracted state
into a state of expansion.
As I looked at those photos,
I felt a burning desire
to get home to my children.
What had I've been thinking?
What was I doing?
I wanted to see them grow up and
be there as a mother to them.
And in that moment, I made
a decision, a decision
to get well, to get
better than well,
to be in the best
physical, mental,
and spiritual health of my life.
And within 48 hours of
me making that decision,
my blood work started to change.
My white blood cell
count started to rise.
I had begun the
journey to heal myself.
And now, in the words
of Dr. Joe Dispenza,
I had to break the
habit of being me,
break the habit of washing
down medication with wine just
to get to sleep, break the
habit of the arm tugging
from my four-year-old to get
me out of bed in the morning,
tugging my arm for an hour and
a half saying, mommy, please,
can we get to school?
And so I set off on
a journey, a journey
to understand what it really
takes to achieve optimal health
and high performance,
learning from the world's best
mentors and experts.
Women have been
conditioned that we
need to behave like men to
succeed in the corporate world,
the relentless grit and hustle.
But as my former podcast
guest, Dr. Stacy Sims, says,
"Women are not small men."
And this relentless
rush and hustle
is playing havoc with
our hormonal, adrenal,
and immune health.
And so I realized there
had to be a smarter way.
Would you agree that success
in life is more than just
about success in business
and that we have the ability
to create success on our own
terms if we believe we can?
When we look ahead and we
step into that future version
of ourselves, we
think of ourselves
in that dream house
with our dream partner.
But when we do that,
we can see a gap.
And that gap can lead us back
to a place of contraction.
Because when we see that gap,
a small part of our brain
called the amygdala fires.
And when that
little peanut fires,
you lose all sense
of creativity,
and you go back to
that contracted state,
and you carry on the hamster
wheel and the relentless will
of rush and grind and hustle.
But I believe there's
a smarter way.
And research shows that when
we ask the question, what if?
This engages our
prefrontal cortex
and allows us to
be creative again,
allows us to step into
our goals and dreams.
When I first started
out on my journey,
I got into the
world of biohacking.
But honestly, so much of
it was masculine in nature.
It was, again, more stress on
my female body, cold showers,
long, fast,
high-intensity workouts,
which were too much for my
already burnt out adrenals.
And so, I started
syncing, or what
I like to call biosyncing,
biosyncing with my bio
individuality, syncing
with my female physiology,
syncing with that
future version of me.
What's right for me may
not be right for you.
Research from McKinsey
shows us that when
we access a flow state, we are
five times more productive.
That means if you can
access flow, ladies,
you can go to work on a Monday
and take the rest of the week
off.
But the best time for
you to achieve flow
is not necessarily
the same time as me.
For me, it could be
early in the morning.
For you, it could
be late at night.
And that's why we need to sync
with our bio individuality
so that we can achieve a state
of health and high performance
without sacrificing our
physical, mental, and spiritual
health.
When we start to sync
with our female physiology
and design our nutrition, our
fitness, and our creativity
around our femininity,
embracing the wonder
of the menstrual cycle,
we become more in tune
with our rhythms, and we can get
there faster so that you don't
just feel good for two
weeks out of every month,
but you feel good
every single day.
When we start to sync
with our future self,
we can create an
empowering future.
We shouldn't let the
past create our future.
We want our future
to define our present
and use our present
to reframe our past.
And it all starts
with a question.
Let me ask you,
what if everything
you've experienced to date has
been leading up to this point?
It is said that the
bigger the contraction,
the bigger the expansion.
What if everything was
happening for you so that you
could get to this point?
And it all begins with a
simple question, what if?
My hope is that my
experience and my journey
will inspire you to ask
that question, what if?
And that you can start
biosyncing and begin
to give your dreams wings so
that like a butterfly coming out
of the cocoon, you
can start to fly.
And that together, we can
inspire and empower women
across the world and create
a ripple effect together.
Thank you for listening.
[APPLAUSE, CHEERS]
[AUDIO LOGO]